There are still more than 50 bowls, hurry up
I forgot you couldn't hear me
Why are you crying?
Hurry up!
write
Wang Yu
I didn't expect you to be kicked out of the villa
Living in a place like this
What are you doing with me?
Guoguo Guoguo is not dead
Today, the teacher asked you to bring it over to recognize your dear.
I picked one up and I'm deaf
Mute child
But yeah
It's his sister without meeting you
Deaf and dumb
What do you mean?
What else could it mean?
Want to eat
If you want to eat, pick up the food on the ground
Hahaha
How is it? Is it enough to have a dog?
If you call me over
Just let me see your abusive words
You don't have to.
Sister, don't say I like you.